poured myself a glass of Whiskey and dropped some ice cubes!

Let the coding begin.

Now where was I, ah the grid id extracted, the individual clues are also extractable.

Now to let the user fix whatever mistakes the app has done. I have to develop a platform for testing. Note that the iPhone screen size isn't big to accomodate the whole grid. At best, I can do a iPhoneWidth by iPhoneWidth grid for this. Make each cell clickable and let the user input numbers for the cell.

Some sanity check that there are numbers from 1 to max number.

Display one half and get feedback and then move on to the other one? That seems like a good idea! Let's do it all in one shot, the biggest grid crossword had 16 grids in one line.

There was this thing I learnt at some android bootcamp.... Something about drawing frame lines, wirelines??? Who cares what they mean? The idea is to simply draw on a piece of paper how you would like to envision the whole thing :)

All done! Now on to creating all the necessary view controllers, have to design them first. Let's see I need one each for
- Taking corrections for the crossword grid.
- Taking corrections for clues.
- Displaying the end result (We'll come back to this later, at the very end)

Motivation for all this: My Facebook feed. I used to like this single life. Go to work at 11. Love my job, meet friends. Hit the gym at 6:30, that's when it'll be most empty. Life jolliya pochu. Come back and play video games. Weekend spent almost the same way. And eppayavadhu will go on a date. En life ippadi thaan 4 varsham pochu. 

Let's get back to coding.

I've to understand the view heirarchy a little better now. And the shot of whiskey isn't helping :( But its brining the writer inside of me :D

Start with displaying the sample crossword on the first view controller. Then install a Proceed button, to the next view controller where you display what was parsed.

I need motivation... Alright, if I can finish till displaying the grid, I'll go play Fallout 4 on the PS. That's the goal I've set... Its been months since I last played, but still it should be fun to play it drunk :|

Wow, what happened, the values are gone!!!

Got it working to some extent... Now for some Fallout... But for the first time in my life, I didn't want to play the game... I didn't want to finish the code... I just wanted to go out and sit by the ocean :) There's something about the water that always calms me down. Sitting on a beach, remove the noice generated by the bustling SF Friday night. The color ful Bay Bridge, with each beams as if it had a mind of its own. Cars wheezing by.